Hey, pal.Hey, friend.
Whoa, does my hair
always look like this?
Like you slept on it funny?
Yeah.
What's up?Well, not much.
Your kidney misses you.
Wanted to say hello.
[high-pitched]:
"I miss you, Gina." [chuckles]
That's your kidney, obviously.
Okay, what's going on?
You all right?
I guess.
[high-pitched]:
"Tell her the truth."
Oh! Mm.
[chuckles]
Um, I am
in a bit of a funk lately.
I mean, here it is,
finally sweater season,
and it's like I don't even care.
Well, what do you usually do
to cheer yourself up?
Have you stopped watching porn?
What? No, I-I don't watch...
Look, can we just talk
about my funk, please?
Ooh, that sounds worse.
I was just calling
to see if you're free
for dinner.
Maybe we can hang out?
Oh, I wish. Two
of my night orderlies bailed.
I got to cover.
I can talk now, though.
Okay, great.
I don't have many people
in my life I can turn to, so...[knock on door]
[door opens]PETER:
Hey.
You busy?[whispers]:
I got to go.
Oh, yeah, no problem.
And just so you know,
I don't watch...
Come on in.
We're in.
GINA:
Oh.
Oh, my.
Okay.
And there's more.
Oh, they...
They keep on coming.PETER:
I hold
in my hand a petition
to replace the chef.
We as a community...
The food here blows.
I was getting to that.
Not fast enough.
You promised us a new chef.
One who won't set fire
to the kitchen every week.GINA: I know,
and I'm so sorry.
It's just...
I'm not the kind of person
that fires people.
I mean, you have no idea.
I still go
to my pediatrician.
I'll fire him.
I like it.
MEREDITH:
Gina,
food is one of
the last pleasures that we have,
and this man
is stealing it from us.
I wholeheartedly agree.GINA:Jerry,
you've been here, like, a week.
Yeah, I'm a follower.
Always have been.
Oh, good, you found her.
Althea, can you help me...Have a nice day.
♪ The more you give ♪ The more you give♪
♪ The more you live ♪ The more you live♪
♪ Your happiness is relative ♪ Happiness♪
♪ And if you're feeling
like crap ♪
♪ It's time to face the fact
♪ It's your prerogative
♪ Your prerogative♪
♪ To be positive
♪ If we become ♪ If we become♪
♪ What we believe ♪ What we believe♪
♪ Then as ye think
ye shall receive ♪♪ As ye think♪
♪ So just let go of the past♪♪ So let go of the past
♪ Pull your head from your ass
♪ It's your prerogative
♪ Your prerogative♪
♪ To be positive.
[slurps]
Nailed it.
Hey, Bert.
You got a minute?
Sure, boss.Mmm.
Ooh, smells good.
Vegetable soup?Yep.
With my secret ingredient:
steak.
What? Well, then...
Then you can't call it...
Okay, um...
Bert, we need to talk.
I'm all ears. Well, technically,
just this one right here.
Uh, so... So, this is
kind of hard for me,
but you need to know
that there's been a lot of
complaints about the food.
Well, like my daddy
always said,
"complaint" is just one letter
away from "compliment."
I think
your daddy
wasn't much of a speller.
But, uh,
but back to why I'm here.
Um, I...
Did I ever show you the picture
of my little one
getting confirmed?
Oh. Oh.
Oh, she's adorable.Yeah.
And as soon as she gets
the back brace off,
she'll be able to run and
jump with the other kids.
We're all pulling for her.
Um, so, listen, uh...Course, with my wife
being sick with the alcoholism
and whatnot,
I have to do
most of the parenting.
But what can you
do? Raising kids:
the hardest job
you'll ever love.
Sure. Sure.
Speaking of jobs, um...
And I am so grateful
for this one.That's...
That's nice, but...Oh,
and about the food.
I know what the problem is.
Oh, you do?Yes.
Unsophisticated palates.
I'm giving these people
cumin and paprika,
but all they want
is salt and pepper.
That's my bad.
I'm always reaching
for the stars.
Uh, I don't remember
anybody saying
the food was too tasty.
You know I love
those folks out there.
Me, too.
That's why I bought the place.
So you get it.
It's all about
these wonderful, old bastards.
They are the reason
that we are here.
[voice breaking]: Don't
get me going. It's like I got
24 grandmas and grandpas
out there.
So, we good?
I guess.
Um, Bert, please,
please, ca...
Oh. Can you...
Bert. Bert, I...
I really need you
to turn things around.
In the words
of Mr. Bill Withers,
lean on me.
Okay. Thank you.
You're so welcome.
Yeah.
♪ Lean on me
♪ I'll carry on
♪ My wayward son
♪ Stand by me.
STUART:We've talked about
it over and over,
and she just blows me off
like nothing I say matters.
Mm-hmm, go on.
I mean, there's a right way
and a wrong way to do things.
You get that.
I do.It's common knowledge
you load a dishwasher
with the bowls on top
so they don't flip over
and fill with water.
Okay, I'm gonna stop you
right there.
Why?Because you're wasting my life.
Excuse me?How many years
have you been coming to me,
complaining about your wife
doing the laundry wrong,
making the bed wrong,
walking the dog wrong?
Oh, and let's not forget
the controversy
over which way
the toilet paper rolls.
If it comes from the top,
you tear off a lot of squares.
I don't care! Nobody cares!
Your problems are ridiculous.
Your wife, honestly,
should leave you.
That's a little hurtful.
Is it?! Is it hurtful?
Do you realize
how close to death I was?
And here I am.
A second chance, a new lease
on life,
and what am I doing?
I'm listening
to you bitch and moan
about your
stupid freaking dishwasher.
Where you going?I'm living my life.
Starting right now!
And obviously,
we didn't use the full hour,
so your bill will reflect that.
Hello?
Oh, hey.
Couldn't sleep?No.
Ah, it's hard getting used
to a new place.
And the dull roar of
the CPAP machines doesn't help.
Why are you up so late?
Oh, I've always been
a night owl.
Going out to clubs,
dancing till the sun came up.
I love dancing.
Especially line dancing.
Two-step, boot scoot?
I'm your huckleberry.
They do have a country
music night here.
It's a pretty good
time if you don't mind
the DJ's Confederate flag.
Well,
hopefully,
I'll be long gone by then.
Oh, you're a
short-timer, too?
Yeah.
Soon as they figure out my meds,
I'm out of here. You?
My son's turning the basement
into a guest suite for me.
Oh, that's great.And there's nothing
his stupid cow of a wife
can do about it.
I take it
you don't get along with her.
I get along with everyone.
Sure. Sorry.
She's a stupid cow.
[pounding on door]SPENCER:
Turn off your damn TV!
PETER:
I will not!
SPENCER: I swear, I'll come in
there and turn it off for you!
PETER:
Then be prepared
to be bludgeoned
by my walking stick!
What's that?
[indistinct arguing]Two old men
savoring the last few drops
of their testosterone.
[pounding on door]
All right!
I'm kicking the door down!
PETER:
You couldn't kick down
a shower curtain!
Spencer, what the hell?
His TV is keeping me up.
PETER:
It's my TV, and I'll watch it
whenever I like!
Peter, open the door!
PETER:
Fine. But be warned,
I have a weapon.
Put the walking stick down.
You're lucky she's here.
Yeah, I'mlucky.
What is going on?
I like to fall asleep
with my TV on.
But I hear it
through the wall.
Okay, okay. Very simple.
Headphones for you.
Earplugs for you.
I got a better idea.
How about he turns down
his freaking TV?PETER:
How about
he sleeps
in the parking lot?
How about I take that walking
stick and shove it up your...
Buh-buh-buh-buh-buh!
Everybody go back to bed. Peter,
I will bring you
some headphones.
But I...No, no, no, no!
Spencer,
I will get you some earplugs.
Won't work. I have
unusually small earholes.
No, no, no, no! Just go
back to bed!
[exhales]
Hey, Gina. There's a...GINA:
No, no, no, no!
[doors close]
What's going on with your hair?
Oh, I put some gel in it.
Do you like it?
No.
GINA:
Hey.
What are you doing here?Oh, hey.
Well, I was, uh, just
in the neighborhood,
and I thought
maybe we could grab some coffee.
Are you still in your funk?
That's actually progressed
to full-blown freak-out.
Let's go talk.
Stupid. Stupid.
Oh, hey. Hi.
Everything okay?It will be.
Is there a fire?BERT:
Nothing to worry about.
I-I should probably...Yeah, of course.
Go. Go.
Hey, you got a minute?
I could really use
a friend to talk to.
We're friends?
Gabby. Of course we are.
What's my last name?
Okay, talk to you later.
What is going on in here?
Grease fire.
Happens all the time.
Lucky I had this in my car.
Why didn't we have one
in the kitchen?
'Cause I put it in my car.
What? Why would you...
Oh, never mind.
Bert, I-I am sorry.
I gave you a chance, but
the food is still bad.
You're setting fires,
probably 'cause you're drunk.
So...
So what?
I think you know.
I really don't.
You do. You absolutely do.
You're firing me?
I'm saying...
regarding
your employment status...
...in this particular job,
that's no more.
So you're firing me.
Your words.
[groans] But not an
inaccurate description of...
your status.
Say it. Say you're firing me.
[crying]:
Oh, Bert, I'm-I'm really...
I'm really sorry
that I have to do this.
Say it.
You're fired!
You're fired! You're fired!
You're fired! You're
fired! You're fired!
You're fired!
Fired! You're fired.
Seriously?
Why?
Oh, this is ridiculous.
Who makes French toast
with rye bread?
Thank God
I'm getting out of this place.JERRY: Oh,
you're moving in with your son?
Yes. I'm going over there
for dinner tonight.
It's a sort of welcome home
celebration for Glam-ma.
Glam-ma?
"Grandma"
for women who are still doable.
Hey, Harry.
Mm.
How's your day going?
Living the dream.DREW:
Mm.
Good for you. 'Cause some days,
it feels like you're drowning
in the ocean,
praying for a boat to come along
and throw you a lifeline. Hmm.
Yeah.
[grunts]
Everybody gets their turn in
the barrel, but when it's you,
all you can hope for
is somebody to talk to.
You know? Somebody who cares.
Yeah, see, for me,
I thought it might be Gina,
but she's got this place
to worry about,
so stick a pin in that donkey,
I guess. [chuckles]
[grunts]
Okay, let me put it
to you this way.
Help me.
Drew, if you're not happy
with your life,
do something about it.
Yeah, see, I just don't know
what that might be.
It doesn't matter.
Just got to stop thinking.
You got to do.
Well, that is food for thought.
Are you not listening?
I just told you,
no thinking. Do.
No, I-I get it.
You're thinking, aren't you?
Oh, yeah. Like a thousand
screaming monkeys in here.
[chair thuds]
What are you doing?
Having breakfast.
Is that a problem?
Move away from me.
Youmove away from me.
Don't make me ask you again.
Oh, does this bother you?
No.
Does this bother you?
What the hell?!
Be prepared, there's more
where that came from!
You okay?
I fired Bert.
You really did it?
Hard to believe, right?
[sighs] Two weeks ago, I was
driving the van and making beds,
and now I'm ruining a man's life
and destroying his family.
The only thing his daughter
is getting for Christmas
is scoliosis.
Okay, that's a little much.
But you do paint a picture.
I was just trying to do
the right thing for everybody.
You did. You're a hero.
You think so?Absolutely.
Thanks.
So, who'd you hire
to replace him?
What?
Lunch is in two hours.
You have 25 senior citizens
expecting to eat.
I didn't think of that.
From hero to zero,
just like that.
Hey! It's Food Court Friday!
Who wants pizza?
Who wants Chinese?Who wants hot dogs on a stick?
Hey. Got a minute
for your P. Daddy?
My what?
Oh, it's a play on P. Diddy.
What is that?
Never mind.
Homework?Yeah.
Never fun. And it's, like,
every day. [chuckles]
Yeah.
Hey, uh, did you hear
Pink changed her hair
to blue?
What's next, Taylor Swift
becomes Taylor Slow?
What do you want, Dad?
[chuckles]
Yeah, busted. Okay.
Look, I am here
on a mission.
How would you feel
about taking
a father-daughter road trip
across our great land?
A road trip?Yeah.
Think of all the stuff
we'll see.
Majestic mountains,
raging rivers,
giant balls of twine.
[chuckles]
Pass.
Come on. It'll be fun.
[Australian accent]:
Crikey, mate,
we're going on an adventure.
Are you dying again?
[normal voice]: No. No,
I have a clean bill of health.
I just want
to take advantage of it.
What happened with you and Gina?
I thought you were going for it.
Maybe down the road.
Right now,
she's focusing on work,
and I am focusing
all my attention on you.
Boop.
[chuckles]
So, what do you say?
Let's hit the road.
You know,
I've been to a lot of places,
but I've never been to me.
Look, Dad, when you got sick,
I worried about you
all the time.
But now you're better, so...
So you want to go back
to being a regular teenager
who doesn't have time
for her father?
That would be so great.
Hello, fellow night owl.
Hi, Jerry.
So, uh, what you drinking?
Vodka.
And?Vodka.
Not fooling around.No.
I'm guessing things
didn't go well with your son.
He said he had to choose
his marriage over me.
Wives and mothers.
It's a tricky dance.
I let him live in my body,
he can't let me live
in his basement?
Well, I'm sure
he still loves you.
I know.
That's why I'm gonna make
Christmas a living hell
for all of them.
Well, not to be selfish,
but I'm glad
you're not leaving.
I'd miss you.
That's very sweet.
If you're going to try to kiss
me, this is not the right time.
Oh, no, I wasn't.I'm not saying
I'm not interested. It's
just not the right time.
I promise you
I wasn't thinking that.
Oh, Jerry, your nose isn't
the only thing that's growing.
I told you,
I don't have it.
So my remote just
sprouted legs
and walked out of my room?Hey,
I was a cop. I don't steal.
Although there's no law
against hiding stuff.
Can I have your attention,
everybody?
Hello? Thank you.
It is my pleasure to announce
that we have filled
the chef position.
All right!Good for you.
Hello.
It's the same idiot.
How senile
do you think we are?
Harry, throw your shoe at him.GINA:Hold on.
Hold on.
As you all know,
I bought this place
to make
everybody's lives better,
but what you don't know is
that includes the staff.
Nobody's getting fired.
This is absurd. The man's
cooking's an abomination!
Kills me to say so,
but Peter's right.
Why, thank you, Spencer.[grunts]
And your remote's in a baggie
in your toilet tank.
[chuckles]:
Oh, very clever.
Bert, why don't you tell them
what you just told me.
Oh, that if it meant not
getting fired, I would suck...
No.
[Gina chuckles]
The other thing.
Oh, right. I
pledged to Gina
that there will be no
more drinking on the job.
Or?LSD.
GINA:
Continue.
Ramon the dishwasher
will no longer cook lunch
while I bang my girlfriend
in one of your rooms.
I thought you were married.Sometimes. It's complicated.
But most important, I
really do love my job,
and I'm asking you all
for another chance.
Whose room did you use?
We switch it up. You
know, keep it fresh.
GINA:
So,
what do you say?
Oh.
Just-just go.
Cook something. They're hangry.
Okay, I got one more,
and it's a good one.
Mm-hmm.Know what they called
Post Malone
before he became a rapper?No.
Pre Malone.
[chuckles]
This is why
I don't invite friends over.
[engine turns off]
[car doors close]
What's with the sign?
Well, I decided to stop thinking
and just do.